The Joe Rogan experience.
The restrictions are supposed to be lifting up here in Los Angeles on Friday,
which means nothing for us. For comedians.
It means something for like some re retail, some other stuff,
but they're doing it nice and slow.
And did you see the list of that the governor's office put out of stuff you're
allowed to do? Mm-hmm you should pull that up, Jamie. Cuz it is.
It's quite hilarious. First of all,
it's it's kind of condescending it's it's like treating you like you're a moron,
like here's things you're allowed to do.
One of 'em that I thought that was hilarious. It said soft martial arts.
<laugh> yeah, it did said TA Chi. This is you're allowed to do this outside.
Oh no. Soft martial arts. No. Why? Why cant? Can't you do?
Why can't you shadow box? Can you do that? Yeah. Or it's only. Okay.
If you do things that don't work, like you're saying Marshall, Marshall, art,
art. That's an art of war. Right? And Tai Chi is, it is uh,
it's much more of a meditation than it is an art of war. I think there's,
it's very beneficial, but like, look at it says athletics, number one.
What does that mean? Badminton, singles, singles.
Throwing a ball, a baseball, softball stop. Here's the problem with that? Yeah.
If you're throwing a baseball, you're basically shaking hands. Yep.
And you're doing it with an organic skin, right? Baseball.
The outside of it is cow skin. You could throw a ball by yourself, but,
but that's not what their right. That's just sad.
You're gonna throw it and go face. I'm saying throw it and go pick it up.
<laugh> throwing.
Fly balls to yourself in.
The park. BMX biking. Okay. Thank you. You're allowed to canoe singles.
Oh, like it's specifies what's singles.
Are they talking about crabbing? Like crabwalk.
No like catching crabs. You go crab and like fishing. No, that's what it means.
You can go crabbing people do it all the time. Oh yeah. In California. Not here,
but in Northern California. It's a big deal. Yeah.
I've done it before you catch, uh, blue crabs. I think they are.
I think they're blue. Might I don't what species they are.
But you catch 'em off the piers, like of the,
there's a lot of areas around San Francisco where people catch crabs.
Um, it's really big in like, uh, like Maryland and you know,
like those guys love crabbing. Oh. In, in Alaska too, they do a lot of crab.
That was the thing. It was just a California list. That's why I was like,
I didn't, they must have 'em. I mean the ocean's right here. Uh, gardening,
not in groups. Oh you can explore rock pools. Thank you.
Oh wow. Where can we do that at Malibu? But you can't get to the beach.
It's closed cycling golf singles. Walking.
No cart, Tony. Oh my gosh. You can't have a cart.
Why can't I have a cart? What if it's my cart? I can't take the cart.
It's electric. It doesn't even hurt the environment. Like what is, uh,
why can't I take the cart? Yeah.
Or why, why can't they clean it? Why.
Does that, is there a logic to that? Let's stop. I mean, if it's your cart,
is there a logic to that?
And how is it any different than the cart at the supermarket?
Like that is getting passed around like a cheap ho think it's because they have
to have people clean it.
And whatnot. And they don't want to have to have staff on whatever.
Cause they've.
Opened up. Right. But they have it at the supermarket. No, I know. But uh,
well you know what I'm saying? Your point. Yeah. Yeah. It's like,
it's real squirrely. It's like the places you absolutely have to go.
They're allowed to.
Open. Yeah. And even the shopping cart,
I was shopping the other day and I opened up the, the kitty part, you know,
to put other up in and I'm like, they didn't,
there's no way they wiped that part. Well, <laugh>, there's just no way.
If it was on here, I got it. After a.
While. I'm sure the people that work in those places, the kids,
especially like 18 year olds, they're gonna slack off. Oh yeah. Like,
no one's dead. They, they don't see it. You know?
They're not going to the hospital. Hold on.
Don't don't scroll down yet was a lot more we missed, uh, go back up.
So right here. Yeah. So we were at no cart, golf, hiking,
trails paths, allowing, distancing. How is it? Okay.
When you're running. Because if you're running paths,
people that are walking this gonna come in time when you're right there.
Is that all right? <affirmative> I don't know.
This is all very bizarre.
Well, it's all it really is.
Like we're dealing with multiple different diseases too. Are these trails open?
I thought they were still closed.
Are they opening those up? I think they opened them up again.
We'll find that out next. Oh, you can. Kiteboard okay. Oh, meditation's loud.
Oh, we're allow, can meditate. What the man. Outdoor photography.
Oh, I didn't know. I thought that if I was hiking,
I couldn't take pictures of what I was hiking with. Thank you.
Thank you for allowing me to do outdoor photography. Um,
picnics with your stay at home.
Household members only can't meet up with other people that aren't sick. What?
Quad biking, rock climbing. Roller skating. Roller. It's weird.
It's cuz like we're, we're we're asking people to be extra,
super responsible with this. Right. But we,
we don't ask the same thing about car accidents. Look at stop. Right? Go back.
Soft martial arts. Look at that. Tai Chi Chung what's.
Chung. Well.
I know what Chi is. It's like a,
a type of like a breathing exercise. I'm pretty sure. Um,
and you know what Tai Chi is, it's almost like a series of rhythmic movements,
but I, why are you calling that a soft martial art?
It's such a weird definition and not in groups. It's just like so specific.
Like if a person wants to go outside and they have shadow boxing routine,
they do. And they like to practice Mo Thai. Why can't they go practice Mo Thai?
They can't just go outside.
Like imagine like you're pent up in your apartment and you can go on the beach
and just like spark up a little and just throw some combinations under the sun
and the sand you can't do that. Is that threatening to people.
Why? But you're allowed to do well. That's jazz. That's not even a martial art.
Let's just be honest. It's great people that do it.
They find it very therapeutic and it's good for the body. You know,
you're doing these slow poses. So it gives you, you know,
you're exercising control over your body, but it's not really a martial art,
not it's, uh, it's weird. It's like, you wouldn't fight with it.
So what is it? You know what I'm saying? Like you're not gonna fight with TA.
Chi. I've never heard the terminology before.
Is there such thing as soft and hard martial arts? Yeah. I.
Guess you could. Yeah. You could kind of define it like that. People would,
some people would say that it is a soft martial art. They would,
I guess they would kind of say, but it just doesn't make sense to me.
It's not a martial art. It's a martial.
Art is something that you would use in a fight.
If you are trying to have a thing with there's rules to martial arts.
So you could say like, well, how come boxing is just boxing?
How come they're not allowed to kick you or take you down? Like,
is that a full martial.
Art thing right here? Uh, I was looking around there's a, this is a potential,
oh Jesus Christ from, from Northwestern university.
A COVID tracking thing that they're de tested with like less than 30 people,
but oh my.
God, that's so crazy. Detract.
Stroke patients and like changes in your breathing and lungs or some.
Then there like sounds in there that connect to a device,
which is your phone and let you know if something.
Comes up, what is,
what better way to get integrated with the grid than to create a virus that
makes you wear a mask, takes away your humanity. Can't touch each other.
Gotta stay away, no social contact.
So you're get more and more addicted to your TV in your phone,
more and more addicted to your laptop. I'll free you,
but you gotta take a test and then I gotta put a tracking thing on you cuz I
wanna make sure that you're a good boy, Tony. You're a good boy.
You don't go catch no COVID and spreading it around.
So I gotta know where you are so I can chart out the health of the public.
Frightening who.
Can't give that up. Folks.
Five stage reopening process based on risk for Los Angeles announced.
Uh, within the.
Hour or so,
stage one safer at home order planning for recovery stage two,
which you're about to go into that's now, right?
Mm-hmm <affirmative> this is as a Friday. Hey, this Friday,
Floris some retail hours, car dealerships, golf courses and trails.
Soon other low risk businesses manufacturers,
office retail, essential healthcare, outdoor recreation and libraries.
I thought we already outdoor recreation. This was.
Sort of what we were talking about earlier, but you have to wear,
they say here it's on this screen. You have to wear face,
cover covering mm-hmm <affirmative> and you go out there in the trails.
You must. So are they making runners wear face masks while they're running?
No.
Not out on the streets. I don't think,
but maybe if you're in a trail you could probably get stopped.
Find out if that's true,
because I've been reading all these things that say that there's, you know,
we joked around about it before.
Like if someone passes you when they're running, like how close are they to you?
But it doesn't seem like there's any sort of science to say that it spreads that
way. Like.
I know that's what I've I've read that. And didn't think that that was true too.
But I, I texted Brandons shop. He said he got a ticket for being on that trail.
Did I don't know what the ticket was for, but Jesus Christ. Yeah. I was like,
did you really get a ticket? He said, yeah. Did he get.
A ticket for just being there? Or did he get a ticket for not wearing a mask?
I'm not sure. Wow. So, um, museums, cultural centers and galleries.
Thank God. They can open up Lama and you can stare at a plexiglass box at some
dip glued together.
Get that stage three separated with velvet ropes,
stage three high risk businesses, body art, massage bars, nightclubs,
movie theaters, and bowling alleys. So we have to wait.
We have to wait for the next stage. Yeah, it doesn't say when that,
and then stage four higher risk businesses, entertainment venues. Oh,
wait a minute. That might be us. I don't wait a minute. Yeah.
Like what entertainment venue is that like that like a, a large arena.
There.
Might be more like a thousands people, more like a concert venue.
Don thing. Don't say a thousand. Jamie, you give 'em a bad idea. 2,003,000,
3000. We, we want theaters. Yes. We can do do comedy in theaters.
If they shut down all the arenas and I just have to do 10 shows instead of one,
we could do that. This.
Is just Los Angeles. I know. But.
These it doesn't matter. They'll they'll this is.
Also, Ohio's just passed a law. They said to, to change what the, uh,
the department of health is doing.
So that they're like over superseding the rules, like in their Congress.
So they only have 14. I don't know.
So lots, listen, I think ultimately, I mean, we're hating this,
what California's doing.
Like ultimately there's way less people that got it here than got it anywhere
else. So it's probably a good idea. But as a comedian,
it sucks. It sucks as a person who, uh,
is not in the highest of risks. It, it sucks.
I know quite a few people that have had it and we're gonna actually have Michael
yo come on next week.
I'm really interested to talk to him cuz he had it real bad and he got it from
New York.
And then there's been some speculation that the people who got it from New York,
they get it from Europe. But the people that got it in California,
a lot of them got it from China, which is really in interesting.
Cause like I wonder if, as it went through Europe, it got worse.
Like that's that's possible. Right.
And wasn't that something that they speculated that there's some sort of
different strains. Yeah.
But what couldn't New York people just come to LA easier people from China.
Um, yeah they could, but I think the, when they tracked the origin, that's the,
they can test. Yeah. Yeah.